Migrate from `black` to `ruff --fix` (#3162)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CONTRIBUTING.md

10. [Test your code!](#testing)
11. PyBaMM has online documentation at http://docs.pybamm.org/. To make sure any new methods or classes you added show up there, please read the [documentation](#documentation) section.
12. If you added a major new feature, perhaps it should be showcased in an [example notebook](#example-notebooks).

> 13. When you feel your code is finished, or at least warrants serious discussion, run the [pre-commit checks](#pre-commit-checks) and then create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) (PR) on [PyBaMM&#39;s GitHub page](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. When you feel your code is finished, or at least warrants serious discussion, run the [pre-commit checks](#pre-commit-checks) and then create a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) (PR) on [PyBaMM's GitHub page](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM).
```

> When you commit your changes they will be checked against ruff automatically (see [infrastructure](#infrastructure)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you commit your changes they will be checked against ruff automatically (see [Pre-commit checks](#pre-commit-checks)).
```
